# Test library project

## Project details:

**Database:** MongoDB
**Back-end:** C# .net 6
**Front-end:** Nextjs 14

#### Back-end
- Uses Mongo.Driver NuGet package to connect to MongoDB.
- It returns proper status codes for each situation.
- Exceptions are handled properly.
- Authentication is implemented by JWT.
- All of the APIs are available via OpenAPI.
- Has docker file and can run as a docker container.
- Can generate thousands records of sample data downloaded from Kaggle.

#### Front-end
- Uses the new app router introduced by nextjs 14.
- The APIs generated by `swagger-typescript-api` based on the `swagger` file generated by `back-end` project. The benefit of this approach is to keep all the APIs up to date with the single source of information.
- Uses `tailwind` and `sass module` for CSS.
- Has pagination for the list of books.
- Uses `RXJS` for `async` operations.
- Uses `context api` for `auth` state and actions.
- Proxies all of the requests to `/api/*` to the back-end project.

## How to run on local?

*_Before you begin_: You can login with two users `admin` and `user`. Both have `123` as password. `admin` has full access, but `user` has readonly access.

1. Start `docker`.
2. Pull docker image `mongo:latest`. Then start a container on port `27017`.
3. Open the backend project in visual studio. Then restore the NuGet packages and run the project. You will be able to see the `Swagger UI` by browsing `https://localhost:44371/swagger/index.html` or `http://localhost:47403/swagger/index.html`.
4. Navigate to the front-end project that resides in `client` folder. Run `yarn` and then `yarn dev`. Then browse `http://localhost:3000`.
